In Multiplayer docs, added property and RPC types #1165 (#2081)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/multiplayer/multiplayer-gem/overview.md

After, the AzNetworking layer becomes aware that the world was updated. This occurs automatically through ACK vector replication, and does not require any further action from the client.

### Types of network properties

Network properties have two important fields: `ReplicateFrom` and `ReplicateTo`. 

> Together, these defines which role can replicate to which role. 
> Properties can replicate *from* Authority and Autonomous roles only because they have write-access. 
> Properties can replicate *to* all of the roles because all roles have read-access. 
> This structure makes sense because roles with only read-access simply receive information; they don't have any data to write or replicate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Together, these define which role can replicate to which role. You can only replicate property values *from* Authority and Autonomous roles. Under the server-authority model of O3DE, this ensures that you never accidentally replicate from an unprivileged client. 
Properties can be replicated *to* any role, since all active clients in the session must share information and some may not necessarily need to be used in the server-authoritative model.
```

Added a little bit of clarity and interpretation around replication. Since this is slightly less technical, it might be a more appropriate lead-in to the table.

| Field | Description | Values | 
| - | - | - |
| `ReplicateFrom` | Tells the network which role can send information about the changes that were made to this property. | Authority, Autonomous | 
| `ReplicateTo` | Tells the network which role can receive information about the changes that were made to this property. | Server, Authority, Autonomous, Client | 

The following are four types of networking properties with a valid "from and to" relationship that you can define, and their possible use cases:

- **Authority-to-Client**: For handling client, or "simulated", properties.

- **Authority-to-Autonomous**: For handling autonomous-only properties.

- **Authority-to-Server**: For handling host migration.

> - **Autonomous-to-Authority**: For gathering information about client metrics, such as monitoring the health of clients, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Autonomous-to-Authority**: For gathering information about client metrics, such as monitoring the health of clients.
```

Removing the "and etc." equivalent phrasing.

> For networking properties that replicate from Authority, a replication hierarchy applies. The replicate-to rules trickle up the hierarchy in the following way: An Authority-to-Client replication also replicates to Autonomous and Server roles. An Authority-to-Autonomous replication also replicates to the Server role. Finally, an Authority-to-Server replication only replicates to the Server.

Reviewer 2: _Authority-to-Autonomous replication also replicates to the Server role_
Ah, nice. I didn't know that. Is that so if the Authority ever migrates to the other server, the other server has the right property information?

Author: That's my understanding! @kberg-amzn spoke about it in a O3DCon talk -- can you confirm this is how the hierarchy behaves and the reason behind it?

Reviewer 3: I've been in that code recently and confirm this is true.

Author: Thanks for the feedback and confirmation! I've made a small change to include the reasoning AMZN-Gene mentioned.

**Unreliable** RPCs are sent over a "fire and forget" method. The host sending the message has no way to ensure that the message was received.

### Types of RPCs

Similar to network properties, RPCs have two important fields: `InvokeFrom` and `HandleOn`. These fields describe which role the RPC is invoked from and which role it's handled on.

| Field | Description | Values | 
| - | - | - |
| `InvokeFrom` | Tells the network which role invokes this RPC. | Server, Autonomous, Client | 

> | `HandleOn` | Tells the network which roles handles this RPC. If Authority, the RPC is handled by the server that has authority over that entity. If Autonomous, the RPC is handled by the player on the local client. If Client, the RPC is handled on all clients. | Authority, Autonomous, Client | 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `HandleOn` | Tells the network which roles handles this RPC. If Authority, the RPC is handled by the server that has authority over that entity. If Autonomous, the RPC is handled only by the relevant player's local client. If Client, the RPC is handled on all clients. | Authority, Autonomous, Client | 
```

I think these reads a bit more clearly on what Autonomous does here.

The following are four types of RPCs with a valid "invoked from and handled on" relationship that you can define, and their possible use cases:

- **Authority-to-Autonomous**: For example, sending corrections about the game state to the user.

- **Authority-to-Client**: Authority sends calls to all the clients. For example, sending information about particle effects. 

> - **Server-to-Authority**: This is useful to communicate information between entities. For example, when a player wants to deal damage, Autonomous informs the Server, and the Server sends the DealDamage function to Authority. 

Reviewer 2: _This is useful_
Might want to stress this a bit more. _This is required_ for communication between network entities. If you're using a multi-server, entityA (supposing it's owned by ServerA), might be trying to communicate with entityB (supposing it's owned by ServerB). If A talks to B directly, then A will be talking to a proxy, not the real B. Server-to-Authority makes sure that message always finds the entity with authority.

> - **Server-to-Authority**: This is useful to communicate information between entities. For example, when a player wants to deal damage, Autonomous informs the Server, and the Server sends the DealDamage function to Authority. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Server-to-Authority**: This is required to communicate information between entities. For example, suppose in a multi-server setup, EntityA is owned by ServerA and EntityB is owned by ServerB. If EntityA communicates directly to EntityB, EntityA will be talking to a proxy, not the real EntityB. Server-to-Authority ensures that messages always find the entity with authority.

when a player wants to deal damage, Autonomous informs the Server, and the Server sends the DealDamage function to Authority. 
```

> - **Autonomous-to-Authority**: For example, sending user setting information, that affects user input and is used during input-process time rather than input-creation time, such as mouse sensitivity and input controls. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Autonomous-to-Authority**: Used for sending user settings information that affects user input and is used during input-process time rather than input-creation time, such as mouse sensitivity and input controls. 
```

Slight style fix
